What is vector addition?
Add two vectors...? Addition of corresponding entries.

What is the geometric interpretatiuon of vector addition?
Place vectors head-to-end and see the result.

What is scalar-vector multiplication?
Multiply each entry of a vector by the scalar value.

What is the distributive property that involves scalar-vector multiplication 
but not vector addition?
A vector will distribute mutliplicatively across a set of summed scalars.

What is the distributive property that involves both scalar-vector 
multiplication and vector addition?
A scalar will distribute multiplicatively across a set of summed vectors.

How is scalar-vector multiplication used to represent the line through origin 
and a given point?
Multiply each element of the entire set of scalars by the vector to get a line 
through the origin and the point at the coordinates defined by the vector.

How are scalar-vector multiplication and vector addition used to represent the 
line through a pair of given points?
Once a line through the origin is defined, add it (translate) to the second 
vector to get a vector through the two points.

What is dot-product?
Multiple corresponding elements of a vector, then sum the results.

What is the homegeneity property that relates dot-product to scalar-vector 
multiplication?
Multiplying one of the vectors in a a dot-product is equivalent to multiplying 
the value of the dot-product.

What is the distributive property that related dot-product to vector addition?
Dot-product distributes over vector addition.

What is a linear equation (expressed using dot-product)?
Vector dot vector variable equals scalar.

What is a linear system?
Several related linear equations

What is an upper-triangular linear system?
First vector need not have any zeroes, second vector has zero in first 
position, third vector has zero is first and second positions, etc.

How can one solve an upper-triangular linear system?
Use backward substitutions. For example, the n-equation is a single value, and 
that can be used to evaluate the n-1 equation, which can in turn be used to 
evaluate the n-2 equation, etc.